welcome to slash forward
in this episode we're going to another
isolated island occupied by
another mad doctor doing various
experiments in the killer shrews
for more ideas of doggy halloween
costumes subscribe to the channel
let's get to it we open
on the open sea where the stillness
evokes general concern about an
impending hurricane
luckily they cite land before it's upon
them an anchor well away from dock
leaving their shipment on board to keep
it safe during the storm they arrive on
storm and are immediately approached by
the indigenous business persons who
check the manifest to verify their
supplies and trust captain sherman with
giving anne a taxi back to the mainland
he agrees but confirms no boating
activity until the next day
and due to the storm and all they
tentatively agree to let him stay
inviting him back for martinis here dr
kragis explains they're working on ways
to lower the metabolism of smaller
mammals to increase their lifespan
hoping this will allow them to end small
in humans and save resources
radford then absentmindedly rushes in to
share success with the recent test
they've done on some shrews
all this rat talk gets the crew a little
jumpy requiring the administration of
more alcohol when the captain finally
separates to freshen up and takes the
opportunity to confide that an
experimental batch of shrews escaped
recently on the island
this sounds cute and all until rook gets
treed by a pack of rodents of unusual
size eventually falling to his death
as sherman gets restless and becomes
desperate to keep him inside so she
pulls him in and comes fully clean now
explaining the escaped shrews aren't
like what he saw but biggins
wreaking havoc on the island and
hungering for human flesh with the food
supplies depleted the shrews go for the
horses meaning it's only a matter of
time before they come for their makers
they mostly hunt at night so the gang
plans to escape in the morning and
drink until then this calms those inside
despite the fact that the shrews
continue their relentless aggression
outside and eventually penetrate the
house
mario hears one in the food cellar and
enlists sherman's help to dispatch it
they look around but fail to see it
before it pulls a little tenderloin off
mario's quad he gets it but
he also dies despite sherman's fantastic
field dressing due to sepsis of the
blood from rancid saliva as the patrol
continues the shrews dig their way in
like rats
because that's what they are the next
morning they try to bait them with the
dead shrew
with the coast appearing clear they
decide to make a run for the boat so the
captain ventures out with his new
partner
[ __ ] jerry who draws down on him at
the first opportunity insisting he keep
his casual
sexual bravado out of anne's face
sherman handles the situation but they
make up real quick for fear of being
eaten which means absolutely nothing to
jerry because he runs off then like a
little [ __ ]
and locks sherman out so the captain
descends on him like spider-man
thrashing him soundly but declining to
feed him to the shrews
they try to get a few drinks in them and
think this through but a shrew gets in
and slices up radford's leg
he immediately sits down to begin typing
out his will before keeling over
jerry now fully lets go requiring
sherman to slap him into oblivion but is
forced to take a break when the shrews
start peeking in to see what's up
they barricade themselves outside while
the shrews go nuts
inside then sherman gets the idea of
making a walking tank
all he needs are some drums a welder and
several hours
all things that are readily available
once done they begin to enact the worst
idea in history
jerry plays the smart odds and stays on
the roof but in a strange twist he's
eventually consumed
while the rest of them managed to squat
walk their way to the beach with 180
pounds of steel drum on their necks
they eventually weighed deep enough into
the water to swim the rest of the way to
the boat the unfortunate irony being
that despite surviving
none of them ever do anything of merit
with their lives
the killer shrews was pretty good for
what it is compared to the other movies
from the set it's sort of
in the middle i would have liked to have
seen more evisceration
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching